So we made our central store.js file much slimmer by having this counter module.
I could outsource the value related things into the value module then the store would be really slim
but I don't want to do it because I want to show something else.
Sometimes you also have some state, some action, some getters which don't really belong into one module.
In your application let's say, you have a users part and you have your block part and that will be two
great modules
but then also you've got some state which is only displayed in the header which has to be displayed
everywhere,
therefore you don't want to put the header related state into either of the two modules.
You could leave it in your main store file but maybe you got a lot of different actions and so on
so the store.js file will grow pretty big again.
Well for that, you can create other files like let's say actions.js, not in the new modules folder but
immediately in the store folder, you can then take your actions, only one action here
but yeah it does it for demo purposes, I guess
and in the actions.js file, you simply export a constant and give it a name, update values in the name
of your action
and that of course now is a function,
so I'll turn it into an ES6 function by adding an arrow and the equal sign
and if you have more actions, you'll simply add more exports,
so here we use named exports to export all our actions,
so action number two would be another function for example.
So these are the actions, we still can call commit like this because we still will get this commit or
this context argument here, it will still work as before.
So with the constant exported, let's go to our store and here we now want to import our actions, so let's
add the import from these actions file here
and I'm not going to import all the exported constants one by one even though it would only be one here
but it could be more in a real application and still I'll use the star syntax in that as actions, this
name is up to you, to let javascript create an object here which I can access with the name actions,
so this is an object where all my exported values here are basically just properties in that object.
So since actions here also is an object,
well I can just use actions,
so my imported actions object here and that should work fine.
Now we can do the same for mutations,
so let me quickly add mutation, mutations.js here where I also export the update value constants,
so export const update value and of course also let's create a getters.js file for my, whoops
here, for my getter, possibly could be more than one of course,
then this would make more sense.
So let's add this getter, let's add the equal sign here and then in the store
of course I also want to add the imports, so to getters and to mutations, like this and then here, as
with actions, we use these imported objects. And with this place if I save this,
you see this still works as before but now we get a very very lean file here where
we outsource both our centralized tasks in the actions getters mutations file and we have modules for
the more specialized things
and of course, you could even split your modules into actions, getters and mutations files. So you could
create a counter folder and in this folder, you could then have the actions.js file and so on.
I'm not going to do this here but you can do this and this really allows you to split this up and to
keep the individual files manageable and lean.